RHDEVDOCS-5017: Update the docs for Keycloak configuration (#56987)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-creating-a-new-client-using-keycloak.adoc

Reviewer: Hi @ekristova 
You need to add one more change here.
First step in [Configuring a new client in Keycloak ](https://56987--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/cicd/gitops/configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-keycloak.html#gitops-creating-a-new-client-in-keycloak_configuring-sso-for-argo-cd-using-keycloak) provides wrong configuration for **Dex**. Now we have moved from **spec.dex** to **spec.sso**

https://github.com/redhat-developer/gitops-operator/blob/master/docs/OpenShift%20GitOps%20Usage%20Guide.md#install

cc: @iam-veeramalla

Author: Hello @varshab1210 thank you for the review. So do I understand it correctly that now we have to remove **spec.sso.dex**  from **spec.sso**, is that right?

Author: @iam-veeramalla @varshab1210  I thought of adding the above information in the step itself rather than in the example CR to avoid the situation where users accidentally delete the whole *sso* field:

====
. Delete the Dex configuration by removing the `.spec.sso.dex` field from the Argo CD Custom Resource (CR), and save the CR: 
+
[source,yaml]
----
dex:
    openShiftOAuth: true
    resources:
      limits:
        cpu: 
        memory: 
      requests:
        cpu: 
        memory: 
----
 ====
 
 WDYT?

Reviewer: Looks good to me

To configure Keycloak, follow these steps:

> . Delete the Dex configuration by removing the `.spec.sso.dex` field from the Argo CD Custom Resource (CR), and save the CR: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Delete the Dex configuration by removing the `.spec.sso.dex` parameter from the Argo CD custom resource (CR), and save the CR: 
```

Reviewer 2: custom resource does not follow any capitalization. So, we can keep it generic (in small letters) and still use the acronym.

        memory: 
----

> . Configure Keycloak by editing the Argo CD CR, and updating the value for the `provider` parameter as `keycloak`.

Reviewer 2: We can improvize this step to be more crisp and clear. We can remove unnecessary words, which are quite obvious if you go with the context and make this step more focused.
 
```suggestion
. Set the value of the `provider` parameter to `keycloak` in the Argo CD CR.
```

spec:
  sso:
    provider: keycloak
    keycloak:
      rootCA: "<PEM-encoded-root-certificate>" <1>
  server:
    route:
      enabled: true
----
<1> A custom certificate used to verify the Keycloak's TLS certificate.
+ 

> The Operator reconciles changes in the `.spec.keycloak.rootCA` field and updates the `oidc.config` in `argocd-cm` configuration map with the PEM encoded root certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Operator reconciles changes in the `.spec.keycloak.rootCA` parameter and updates `oidc.config` with the PEM encoded root certificate in the `argocd-cm` configuration map.
```

> The Operator reconciles changes in the `.spec.keycloak.rootCA` field and updates the `oidc.config` in `argocd-cm` configuration map with the PEM encoded root certificate.

Reviewer 3: Refer to this guideline: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references

Consult with the SME and find out what object is `oidc.config` and accordingly write: "... the `oidc.config` <object>"

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: Can we indent this note so that it comes under step 2?

====

> To proceed with an insecure connection, leave the value of `rootCA` empty and use `skip.verify` as shown below:

Reviewer 2: Do not we need to use the complete parameter name, instead of just specifying `skip.verify`?

```suggestion
To proceed with an insecure connection, leave the value of `rootCA` empty and use the `oidc.tls.insecure.skip.verify` parameter as shown below:
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: example-argocd
  labels:
    example: basic
spec:
  extraConfig:
    oidc.tls.insecure.skip.verify: "true"
  sso:
    provider: keycloak
    keycloak:
      rootCA: ""
----
====

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: Can we make this note part of the running text ? because in the preview we now have 2 notes in continuation, which does not actually go with the flow.
